[OSDOCS#17059]: CQA 2.0 updating disconnected cluster OSUS (#113825)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/update-service-install-cli.adoc

  annotations:
    openshift.io/node-selector: ""
  labels:
    openshift.io/cluster-monitoring: "true"
----
+
where:

> `metadata.labels.openshift.io/cluster-monitoring`:: Set this label string to `"true"` to enable Operator-recommended cluster monitoring on this namespace.

Reviewer: Since this is just one value, you could alternatively use a regular sentence:

```suggestion
Set the `openshift.io/cluster-monitoring` label to `"true"` to enable Operator-recommended cluster monitoring on this namespace.
```
